url: https://imgur.com/gallery/qqA8Ld8 
1. A server is a computer with a dedicated hard drive, CPU, and RAM. The difference
between a server and your computer is that a server provides support for other computers,
whether it's for file storage, email, or online connections. A server can be of a certain
type and offer just one service or it can offer all of the aforementioned services.

2. A domain name, which is a text-based name for a webpage, is utilized by DNS to associate
it with the correct IP address.

3. www.foobar.com. The first portion, www, is a subdomain and the domain name itself is foobar.com,
which follows after the dot. Foobar.com is used as a CNAME record with the value www, and DNS uses this
information to determine the IP address of the website.

4. Web servers store web server software as well as HTML, Java, CSS, and images in their hardware form. The
software running on the web server decides how websites are accessed. This is accomplished with the aid of an
HTTP server, which can supply a static webpage and comprehend URLs and HTTP requests.

5. The business logic is handled by the application server. This indicates that it will alter the data to offer
unique capabilities and create a user-interactive website. It serves as a link between the database and webserver.
By retaining prior interactions, it lessens the complex interaction between the web server and the database, improving 
administration and speed.

5. A database is a method of organizing information storage such that it may be quickly accessed, updated, and used.

6. The server communicates with the client via protocols like TCP/IP and HTTP by using the client's IP address.

Infrastructure problems include: 
1. It has SPOF. This may be the case with client hardware or software, a network connection, or just one server. 
Since there is only one server, any hardware, software, or even data center faults could cause the entire system to fail.

2. Users won't be able to use the services during downtime when it is updated because no other server can step in to take 
its place, necessitating the shutdown of the entire system.

3. It utilizes a single server that could get overburdened with receiving large amounts of traffic. This can result in a
server crash. We don't have scalability because there isn't another server.
